---
page_title: "postgresql_tables Data Source - terraform-provider-postgresql"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of table names from a CockroachDB database.
---

# postgresql_tables (Data Source)

The `postgresql_tables` data source retrieves a list of table names from a specified CockroachDB database.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "postgresql_tables" "my_tables" {
  database = "my_database"
}
```

Use `table_types = ["BASE TABLE"]` to retrieve only regular tables (excluding views and temporary tables).

All optional filter arguments can be used in conjunction.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The PostgreSQL database which will be queried for table names

### Optional

- `like_all_patterns` (List of String) Expression(s) which will be pattern matched against table names in the query using the PostgreSQL LIKE ALL operator
- `like_any_patterns` (List of String) Expression(s) which will be pattern matched against table names in the query using the PostgreSQL LIKE ANY operator
- `not_like_all_patterns` (List of String) Expression(s) which will be pattern matched against table names in the query using the PostgreSQL NOT LIKE ALL operator
- `regex_pattern` (String) Expression which will be pattern matched against table names in the query using the PostgreSQL ~ (regular expression match) operator
- `schemas` (List of String) The PostgreSQL schema(s) which will be queried for table names. Queries all schemas in the database by default
- `table_types` (List of String) The PostgreSQL table types which will be queried for table names. Includes all table types by default. Use 'BASE TABLE' for normal tables only

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tables` (List of Object) The list of PostgreSQL tables retrieved by this data source. Note that this returns a set, so duplicate table names across different schemas will be consolidated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tables))

<a id="nestedatt--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tables`

Read-Only:

- `object_name` (String)
- `schema_name` (String)
- `table_type` (String)
