---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postgresql Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# postgresql Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `clientcert` (Block List, Max: 1) SSL client certificate if required by the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clientcert))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum wait for connection, in seconds. Zero or not specified means wait indefinitely.
- `database` (String) The name of the database to connect to (defaults to `postgres`).
- `database_username` (String) Database username associated to the connected user (for user name maps)
- `expected_version` (String) Specify the expected version of CockroachDB.
- `host` (String) Name of CockroachDB server address to connect to
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of connections to establish to the database. Zero means unlimited.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authentication
- `port` (Number) The CockroachDB port number to connect to at the server host
- `ssl_mode` (String, Deprecated)
- `sslmode` (String) This option determines whether or with what priority a secure SSL TCP/IP connection will be negotiated with the server
- `sslrootcert` (String) The SSL server root certificate file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.
- `username` (String) CockroachDB user name to connect as

<a id="nestedblock--clientcert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clientcert`

Required:

- `cert` (String) The SSL client certificate file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.
- `key` (String) The SSL client certificate private key file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.

Optional:

- `sslinline` (Boolean) Must be set to true if you are inlining the cert/key instead of using a file path.
